README.md, before:

# Shadcn-UI Template Usage Instructions

## technology stack

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

All shadcn/ui components have been downloaded under `@/components/ui`.

## File Structure

- `index.html` - HTML entry point
- `vite.config.ts` - Vite configuration file
- `tailwind.config.js` - Tailwind CSS configuration file
- `package.json` - NPM dependencies and scripts
- `src/app.tsx` - Root component of the project
- `src/main.tsx` - Project entry point
- `src/index.css` - Existing CSS configuration
- `src/pages/Index.tsx` - Home page logic

## Components

- All shadcn/ui components are pre-downloaded and available at `@/components/ui`

## Styling

- Add global styles to `src/index.css` or create new CSS files as needed
- Use Tailwind classes for styling components

## Development

- Import components from `@/components/ui` in your React components
- Customize the UI by modifying the Tailwind configuration

## Note

- The `@/` path alias points to the `src/` directory
- In your typescript code, don't re-export types that you're already importing

# Commands

**Install Dependencies**

```shell
pnpm i
```

**Add Dependencies**

```shell
pnpm add some_new_dependency

**Start Preview**

```shell
pnpm run dev
```

**To build**

```shell
pnpm run build
```

Commit message:

feat: Refactor ComparisonTable and PrintView components for improved vendor management and UI enhancements
- Updated package dependencies to lower versions for @vercel/node, drizzle-kit, and vercel.
- Enhanced ComparisonTable component to handle vendor addition/removal with alerts for no vendors selected.
- Removed selected vendor column from PrintView component.
- Simplified types in types.ts by removing unused ComparisonTableProps interface.
- Implemented vendor selection logic in Index component to manage selected vendors and update rows accordingly.
- Added VendorSelector component for better vendor selection UI with select all functionality.
- Configured Vite to proxy API requests for development.

README.md, after:

# Shadcn-UI Template Usage Instructions

## technology stack

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

All shadcn/ui components have been downloaded under `@/components/ui`.

## File Structure

- `index.html` - HTML entry point
- `vite.config.ts` - Vite configuration file
- `tailwind.config.js` - Tailwind CSS configuration file
- `package.json` - NPM dependencies and scripts
- `src/app.tsx` - Root component of the project
- `src/main.tsx` - Project entry point
- `src/index.css` - Existing CSS configuration
- `src/pages/Index.tsx` - Home page logic

## Components

- All shadcn/ui components are pre-downloaded and available at `@/components/ui`

## Styling

- Add global styles to `src/index.css` or create new CSS files as needed
- Use Tailwind classes for styling components

## Development

- Import components from `@/components/ui` in your React components
- Customize the UI by modifying the Tailwind configuration

**Backend API**

- Run `pnpm run dev:server` to start the Express API that listens on port `3001` (or the `PORT` env var).
- While the backend is running, `pnpm run dev:all` (or `concurrently`) keeps the frontend (`npm run dev`) and backend up together.

**API-aware dev server**

- Vite proxies `/api` requests to the Express backend via `http://localhost:3001` (override the target with `VITE_API_URL`).
- You can keep `npm run dev` running alone if the backend is running separately or use `pnpm run dev:all` to manage both.

## Note

- The `@/` path alias points to the `src/` directory
- In your typescript code, don't re-export types that you're already importing

# Commands

**Install Dependencies**

```shell
pnpm i
```

**Add Dependencies**

```shell
pnpm add some_new_dependency

**Start Preview**

```shell
pnpm run dev
```

**To build**

```shell
pnpm run build
```
